.TH "kerrlist.KerrList" 3 "Tue May 24 2016" "kermit" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
kerrlist.KerrList \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.PP
Inherits ImageCollection\&.
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fB__init__\fP (self, load_pattern, conserve_memory=True, load_func=None, load_func_kwargs)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBhysteresis_loop\fP (self, fieldlist=None, box=None)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBdrift_loop_correct\fP (hysloop, manual=False)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBfaraday_correct\fP (hysloop, manual=False)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBcorrect_image_drift\fP (self, ref, imlist, threshold=0\&.005)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBtransform_images\fP (imlist, translation=None, rotation=None)"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 

.PP
.nf
KerrList groups functions that can be applied to a group of KerrImages.
In general it is designed to behave pretty much like a normal python list.

.fi
.PP
 
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "def kerrlist\&.KerrList\&.__init__ ( self,  load_pattern,  conserve_memory = \fCTrue\fP,  load_func = \fCNone\fP,  load_func_kwargs)"

.PP
.nf
Initialise a KerrList. A list of images to manipulate. Mostly a pass
through to the skimage.io.ImageCollection class

Parameters
----------
load_pattern: str or list
    pattern of filenames to load. Uses standard glob nomenclature. Seperate
    different requests with a : eg 'myimages/*.png:myimages/*.jpg'. If
    a list is given it treats it as a list of image arrays.
pattern: str or list
    loading pattern with standard glob nomenclature (* wildcards, 
    [0-9] character in this range etc.)
conserve_memory: bool
    parameter passed onto skimage.io.ImageCollection. Option for loading
    all the files into memory initially or later

Other parameters
----------------
load_func: callable or None
    see skimage.io.ImageCollection for notes.

Attributes
----------
files: list or str
    list of loaded file names. Or equal to load_pattern if a list was
    given.
.fi
.PP
 
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "def kerrlist\&.KerrList\&.correct_image_drift ( self,  ref,  imlist,  threshold = \fC0\&.005\fP)"

.PP
.nf
Align images to correct for image drift.
Detects common features on the images and tracks them moving.

Parameters
----------
ref: np.ndarry
    reference image with zero drift
imlist: list or tuple of images
    images to find drift
threshold: float
    threshold for detecting imperfections in images

Returns
-------
shifts: array
    shift vector for each image in imlist relative to ref (x drift, y drift)
transim: list
    list of images with correct shifts applied
.fi
.PP
 
.SS "def kerrlist\&.KerrList\&.drift_loop_correct ( hysloop,  manual = \fCFalse\fP)"

.PP
.nf
correct a linear drift in time on a hysteresis loop
.fi
.PP
 
.SS "def kerrlist\&.KerrList\&.faraday_correct ( hysloop,  manual = \fCFalse\fP)"

.PP
.nf
correct for the faraday effect
.fi
.PP
 
.SS "def kerrlist\&.KerrList\&.hysteresis_loop ( self,  fieldlist = \fCNone\fP,  box = \fCNone\fP)"

.PP
.nf
Make a hysteresis loop of the average intensity in the given images

Parameters
----------
fieldlist: list or tuple 
    list of fields used, if None it will try to get field from imgae metadata
box: list 
    [xmin,xmax,ymin,ymax] region of interest for hysteresis
.fi
.PP
 
.SS "def kerrlist\&.KerrList\&.transform_images ( imlist,  translation = \fCNone\fP,  rotation = \fCNone\fP)"

.PP
.nf
Translate or rotate image or images. 
Translates or rotates the images in the x-y plane. Areas lost by move are cropped, and 
areas gained are made black.

Parameters
----------
im: array or list
    image or list of images to be translated
tranlations: tuple or list
    array of relative distances for translation [horizontal, vert]
    eg. [[1,3],[-5,4],[9,-8]]. Defaults to no translation
rotations: float or list
    list of rotation angles in radians to apply to the images (rotates about top left
    corner). Defaults to 0.

Returns 
newims: list 
    The transformed images (all of the same shape as the originals)
lims: array
    The limits of the image that have not been destroyed by translations
    [xmin,xmax,ymin,ymax] (doesn't account for rotation yet!)       

.fi
.PP
 

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for kermit from the source code\&.
